WD-26946 - Add improved dev logs and structured prod logs (#94)
canonical/canonicalwebteam.flask-base: README.md

## Features

### Logging

Logging is divided in 2 types depending on the environment:
- Prod: uses a simple structured logging, that outputs JSON so that logs are searchable in tools like Grafana.
- Dev: uses the Rich package to output logs to the terminal with colors to make them easier to look at.

The logging configuration is set in the root logger, so every logger that you generate like this
```python
import logging

> logger = logging.getLogger(__name__)

Author: As spoken via Mattermost, this was due to PROD mode having a default log level of WARNING.
By increasing the level of the log or by setting the lower level in the logger it works.

```
will use by default the handler set for the root logger and will be output properly. This includes logs in

> 3rd party packages too.

Author: As spoken, this is not an issue anymore.

You can log custom JSON using the "extra" argument. Example:
```python
logger.error("This is a test log with extra arguments", extra={
    "test": "I can add any JSON item",
    "test2": "In this extra dictionary",
    "number": 42,
})
```

The Gunicorn loggers are set up in a way that they don't use the root logger. If you want to get the same type 
of logs than the rest you need to execute your application passing the 'logger-class' attribute:
```bash

> gunicorn webapp.app:app --logger-class canonicalwebteam.flask_base.logging.GUnicornDevLogger ...

Author: Done

```python
import logging
logger = logging.getLogger(__name__)
```
will use by default the handler set for the root logger and will be output properly. This includes logs in
3rd party packages too.

You can log custom JSON using the "extra" argument. Example:
```python
logger.error("This is a test log with extra arguments", extra={
    "test": "I can add any JSON item",
    "test2": "In this extra dictionary",
    "number": 42,
})
```

The Gunicorn loggers are set up in a way that they don't use the root logger. If you want to get the same type 
of logs than the rest you need to execute your application passing the 'logger-class' attribute:
```bash
gunicorn webapp.app:app --logger-class canonicalwebteam.flask_base.log_utils.GunicornDevLogger ...
```

#### Configuring logging

The logging defaults set are good for probably most of the cases and teams, but in case of specific needs 
you can pass to FlaskBase a 'handler' object so that each project can configure logging to their liking. 
The 'handler' has to be of type logging.Handler. Example:
```python
app = FlaskBase(..., handler=myHandler)
```

### Tracing

> If observability is enabled in the project then you can get the trace ID of a request using

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
If tracing is enabled in the project then you can get the trace ID of a request using
```

Author: Done

```python
from canonicalwebteam.flask_base.opentelemetry.tracing import get_trace_id
trace_id = get_trace_id()
```

The trace ID will also be added by default to all the logs your application prints when it is
available.

> Observability is enabled by default when setting up the appropriate relations for an application
> that uses [paas-charm](https://github.com/canonical/paas-charm/blob/main/src/paas_charm/templates/gunicorn.conf.py.j2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracing is enabled when setting up the [`tracing`](charmhub.io/integrations/tracing) relation for an application
that uses [paas-charm](https://github.com/canonical/paas-charm/blob/main/src/paas_charm/templates/gunicorn.conf.py.j2).
```
